SPM ALL QUESTIONS COMPILATION

GROUP PRESENTATIONS WEEK THREE
1. Explain the phases of the Waterfall model and Conventional s/w management performance.
2. Define Software Economics and Pragmatic s/w cost estimation
3. Which are the important trends in improving Software economics?
4. Explain five staffing principles offered by Boehm.
5. What are Peer Inspections?
5..
Explain the principles of conventional software
engineering.
7 What are the principles of modern software management?

8. Explain two stages of the life cycle of engineering and production.
9. Explain the different phases of the life cycle process.
10. What is the goal of the Inception phase, Elaboration phase, Construction phase and Transition
phase.
11. Explain the overview of the artifact set
12. Write notes on the following:
(a) Management Artifacts (b) Engineering Artifacts (c) Pragmatic Artifacts

Define Model-Based software architecture.
13. Explain the various process workflows.
14. Define typical sequence of life cycle checkpoints.
15.
Explain the general status of plans, requirements and product across the major
milestones.
16. Explain conventional and evolutionary work break down structures.
17. Explain the planning balance throughout the life cycle.

GROUP ASSIGNMENT: Answer any five questions (each question carries 10 marks)
18. Define metric. Discuss seven core metrics for project control and process instrumentation
with suitable examples?
19. List the three management indicators that can be used as core metrics on software
projects. Specify the meaning of each?
20. Explain the characteristics of good software metric. Discuss the metrics automation using
appropriate example?
21. Explain on the quality indicators that can be used as core metrics on software projects.
22. What are Management Indicators? explain using suitable examples.
23. Define MTBF and Maturity. How are these related to each other?
24. Briefly explain what Quality Indicators are.
25. Write short notes on Pragmatic software metrics



Class Test Questions
Explain the propertiues of morden s/w mangement? (5)
Explain the principles of conventional s/w engineering?(5) 
State and explain the primary objectives of the inception phase?(10)
What is work breakdown structure?(5)
Explain the cost Estimation and scheduling Process?(10)
What are the characteristics of a good software metric?(15)